We will now notice that our select collection selector does not work anymore.
The reason being that we've modified our collections inside of a reducer to now be an object whereas
our select collections.
And then the component using it in our collections overview still thinks that it's an array.
Now what can we do about this.
Well we can actually create a new selector that can convert our object into an array and how we do that
is we will make a new selector called Select collections for preview and what we'll do is we'll create
the selector
and then we'll get our select collection because we do want the object and what we'll do with the collections
object is we're actually going to call a method called object.
Keith what object.
Keys does is it gets us all of the keys of an object that we pass into it and gives it to us in an array
format.
So what does this look like.
Well let's actually see it first.
So we have our error because our collection thought map is not a function because it's trying to call
dot map on our collections object right.
Which you cannot do.
So let's actually do this just to see first what object keys do if we make a new object test object
where we get a property a goes to one B goes to two and C goes to three if we call object.
Keith on our test object we'll get an array with the keys as the values inside of it.
So however many properties there are is how many values we'll get.
And what we'll do is we will get the keys off of our collections.
Right.
So now we'll have all of the values that the object has which are if we look at our state which is our
hats jackets men's sneakers and women's.
Because we want these objects in an array instead.
So what we'll do is we'll top map over this array of keys that we have and what will return with the
key is we will give our collections at that key value.
So what we're saying is that we want to get all the keys and the map over that array of keys so we get
the value of our collections object at that key which will give us an array of r items that we're trying
to get which is pretty much the same way that we had it when we're trying to call our original select
collections when it was an array so we'll pull this into our collections overview component replace
select collections like so.
And now if we say we'll see that our components still works the way that it does
now currently the way that our component works is that our collections preview component is the one
that filters the item down to four.
We can theoretically also do this inside of our get preview collections which is here where we got to
consider a trade on.
So right now in our collections preview our collections preview is the component that independently
decides what it should do with the items onto its past.
Because we filter it down to four inside the collection preview component alternatively inside of our
collection overview component we can make it so that our selector is the one that actually filters it
down to four before it passes them in as the collections array and this is kind of where it becomes
a matter of principle.
So yes we are selecting the collections in our collections overview and then our collections overview
is the one that decides the pass them and render them in the preview and personally I prefer it this
way because our collection preview only wants to ever display for items.
Right.
So this is a case where the separation is that our collection preview is the one that's in charge of
deciding what it should render and theoretically because we'll only ever render four items we want to
do this here.
Now let's say for example our collection preview suddenly was able to display more in a scrolling like
feature where you can imagine if there were little arrows on the side we would render perhaps all of
the items or up to eight and if you click the arrow it would cycle to the next set of items.
Well if that were the case then we would definitely want all of the items inside of our collection preview
so it becomes more clear that our collections preview is the one that should be in charge of deciding
on how it should render the list of items now we could also write a selector on our collection preview
so that instead of passing items directly into the collection preview we would pass it similar to how
we did our select collection.
The actual key that it needed in order to get that array of items but at the same time in order for
us to do that we also need our collections overview then to get that map of keys to map over and pass
them into still our collections preview.
So it's like extra steps and some separations right.
I'm not going to tell you which one is better but these are the tradeoffs that you've got to think about
when composing out your components.
We've got to think about how much separation do we want.
How much of the future do we want to plan for right.
And what's more likely and this is all going to be based off a case by case basis.
When you're in a professional setting because when you evaluate this you'll be given designs or kind
of like a basic product outline of what they want the application to have.
And here is where you can kind of ask these questions if you're unsure because in some way this will
kind of dictate how you set up your components and where we do what separation of what ideas and I know
it's all very high level right now but I definitely think it's an important thing for us as developers
to start thinking about as we code because when we think about these things and we encounter these kind
of situations this is where the learnings will really sink in as to why we write code the way we do
because it allows us to see and make these decisions based on real world situations right.
Based on a real feature requirement we can figure out how we should architect our code depending on
whether or not there will be a different feature whether or not that even the Web site for what we have
right now is as an MVP.
Will this change in the future and how will it change.
We want to structure our applications so that we can reduce the amount of code that we need if something
changes.
We don't want to scramble across our application making all of these changes in order to update something
small.
Instead we want to keep the majority of our code in the right place concerning the right things so that
mentally if something changes we know what to do.
For example I'm very comfortable keeping the items inside of our collection preview right.
The filter down to the floor because our collection preview is going to be solely in charge of what
number of elements to display and how to display them.
And if that were to change in the future I know that all I have to do is make the changes inside of
my collection preview component.
Now I know this is a little bit of a sidetrack but we're definitely going to start talking more and
more about these kind of tradeoffs and decision making as well as how we evaluate what we're going to
build from this point of the lesson onwards.
Because now that we have a solid fundamental understanding of react and Redux as we practice this we
really got to start thinking more about these kind of things.
And this is will take us from being a beginner react developer to being a more intermediate one into
being a more senior one so let's commit this code.
Let's go to our terminal Let's check what we have and it looks like we added a lot of stuff.
So we're gonna say moves are directory and shop data into its own reducer reducer and then created respective
selectors and updated corresponding components with new products flow for directory slash shop.
Well what did I forget to get at.
Yes I did
and continue with our lessons.